Improve on the Site Structure to be user friendly and inviting and wanting people to refer and come back daily and use it daily. The site must scale to a minimum of 300,000+ to 500K indexed pages through the PDF tools and so forth and must include educational content, users must be able to learn something they didn’t know ( there should be a prompt to ask user whether they knew this information or not)( also user must indicate whether this information is valuable to them or not),  while remaining highly attractive for search traffic and advertising revenue.  Add keywords and ideas mentioned below in the website if not already there, and add the categories that may not already be there. The site must keep the google adsense script and the PUB , these must change, the Robots.txt and ads.txt should be updated where necessary especially if the sitemap-index.xml will be created. When completed confirm the number of indexable pages for Seo and Geo. There are ad slots on the pages , please remove the ads, google needs the pages to have space for their ads, so no adsterra ads to appear, remove them. The llms.txt must be created and be detailed. Create more content for the home page (  the home page must strongly position what PDFSHUFFL will teach the users of the website and platform, this must be done by providing high quality and unique content with around 1500- 2500 words, The content must be unique and high quality with no ai markers, No ( —  ) in the content anywhere on the site and all content must be humanised. This must stay with the current theme of the website. The FAQ page  must include a playbook with detailed information on how to navigate between pages and how PDF conversion tools work and how the app is updated when users signs-in, etc, etc, etc....  The playbook must reflect a academic  learning style and content learning material catering for all users from babyboomers to GenZ and provide a mini quiz on completion of the playbook. The playbook must be like a mini coursework. A cheat sheet must also be provided in the form of an infographic to provide visualisation for users. Position in content in such a way that is is pleasing for user experience and that it is acceptable to google adsense standards and that it complies with HIGH VALUE Content. No articles with less than 1500 should appear on the site, all Articles must range from 1500-2500 words. Again these articles must be high quality, unique, original, write in humanised language, no AI markers, No ( —  ) dashes, etc..